[Music]
the most awful force in the universe the
most powerful device ever created is now
[Music]
Kumar you wanted a universal remote that
the monk can close the universe I need
to do those documents just kind of take
me months and you better get started
[Music]
Wow big headache you do so I can't
really experience any part of my life I
want it I heard a song playing on the
radio this morning well the other song
the song that was playing during our
first kiss
[Music]
labour was playing during our first
juicy kiss you look beautiful in that
pink sweater honey you remember I was
wearing giving a shower and skip and
getting dressed
have you been drinking
daddy the remote make it no click it is
that my parents to making you thanks
good full steaks broken he's fast bowler
on its own
[Music]
a dancer you look a little pale there
pal let me fix that plants cat yeah but
your kid stinks
[Applause]
[Music]